---
layout: doc-pages
lang: en
permalink: "/documentation/philosophy"
title: '1. System philosophy'
ref: philosophy
weight: 2
---

# System philosophy

<h3>Procedures presented from the user’s point of view</h3>
<p>To achieve an economic operation (create a company, buy or lease land, hire personnel, sell goods, etc.) one has to comply with a series of administrative processes: usually, register at public registries and obtain permits. In order to get those registrations and permits, businesses usually have to interact with one or several public or private agencies. </p>
<div class="well">
	<p class="lead">From the point of view of the user:<br><br>
Operation that you want to achieve = <strong>OBJECTIVE</strong><br><br>
Any mandatory interaction between the user and the administration = <strong>STEP</strong><br><br>
NECESSARY STEPS to achieve an OBJECTIVE = <strong>PROCEDURE</strong></p>
</div>
<hr>
<h3>The system is built around the notion of step</h3>
<div class="well">
	<strong>Definition</strong>
	<p class="lead">STEP = any necessary interaction between the user and the administration (or a private actor providing a necessary service, such as a notary) to achieve an objective.</p>
</div>
<hr>
<h3>Elements of the step</h3>
<p>The basic information that the user needs to know in each step:</p>
<ol>
	<li>Where should I go? <span style="color:#08C;">(person and entity in charge)</span></li>
	<li>What will I get at the end of the step?<span style="color:#08C;">(result of the step)</span></li>
	<li>What should I give or show to obtain the result?<span style="color:#08C;">(requirements)</span></li>
</ol>
<p>There are also other important questions:</p>
<ol start="4">
	<li>How much should I pay in this step?<span style="color:#08C;">(costs)</span></li>
	<li>How long does this step take? <span style="color:#08C;">(time frame)</span></li>
	<li>Whom can I complain to in case of disagreement with the person in charge of the step? <span style="color:#08C;">(recurse)</span></li>
	<li>What legal texts justify the existence and the modalities of this step?<span style="color:#08C;">(legal justification)</span></li>
	<li>Who confirms that all this information is valid? <span style="color:#08C;">(certification)</span></li>
</ol>
<p>To these 8 elements we add 2 more, to complete the definistion of a step:</p>
<ol start="9">
	<li>Name of the step</li>
	<li>Additional information</li>
</ol>
<p>Therefore, the 10 elements that we consider necessary and sufficient to define a step are (by logical order):</p>
<ol>
	<li>Name of the step</li>
	<li>Contact details (entity, department and person in charge)</li>
	<li>Result(s) of the step</li>
	<li>Requirements </li>
	<li>Costs </li>
	<li>Duration</li>
	<li>Legal justification</li>
	<li>Additional information</li>
	<li>Recourse</li>
	<li>Certifying authority</li>
</ol>
<hr>
<h3>Types of steps</h3>
<ul>
	<li>external (interaction between with the user/ civil servant) / internal to the administration (« back office »)</li>
	<li>mandatory / optional (recommended but not mandatory)</li>
	<li>alternative (sometimes there are several ways to do things, for example you can pay online or at a bank)</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<div class="row-fluid">
<h3>The system presents the path one has to follow to achieve his objective </h3>
<p><strong>The objectives are specific</strong></p>
<p>The purpose is not to give general indications, but to <strong>describe the precise and actual way the user has to follow to achieve his objective.</strong> Therefore, the objectives have to be specific enough to allow defining a unique path for each of them.<br><br>For example, in Viet Nam, the company creation objective is subdivided in «&nbsp;creating a company without a land lease, «&nbsp;creating a company with land lease&nbsp;» and «&nbsp;creating a company in an industrial zone&nbsp;», because the procedure is different for each one of these sub-objectives.<br>If the process were different for each type of local company (limited partnership, joint-stock company, etc.) then they would also be distinguished. However, in practice the procedure is the same for all types of companies, only a few requirements change but the steps are the same. Therefore we do not make more sub-divisions and stay at the level of the mentioned sub-objectives.</p></div>
<hr>
<div class="row-fluid">
<h3>Steps are presented in consecutive order, reflecting the physical path the user has to follow</h3>
<p><strong>Steps are grouped in «&nbsp;blocks&nbsp;»</strong><br>
To make the procedure more easily understandable, we divide it into several parts called «&nbsp;blocks&nbsp;». The blocks group the steps that are related to each other. Generally all the steps in a block aim at the same goal, which is achieved in the las step of the block.<br>For example: the create a company, the user has to prepare documents which will be requested for registration/licensing and then apply for registration/licensing. The procedure may, therefore, be divided in those two blocks.<br>The sub-division in blocks also allows compatibility with the “Doing Business” system of the World Bank. The notion of procedure in «&nbsp;doing business&nbsp;» is very close to our notion of block.</p></div>
<hr>
<div class="row-fluid">
<h3>The eRegulations system proposes a «&nbsp;grammar&nbsp;» for administrative transparency based on simple and universal principles:</h3>
<ul>
	<li>Describe the <strong>procedures from the users’ point of view,</strong> according to his objective</li>
	<li>Detail the procedure <strong>step by step</strong></li>
	<li>Give. for each step, the <strong>necessary and sufficient information (the 10 elements of the step)</strong> users need to know to understand the step.</li>
</ul>
</div>
